docs: mmds: remove mmds payload limitation (#1872)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/mmds/mmds-design.md

Patch functionality, based on [RFC 7396](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7396). MMDS
related API requests come from the host, which is considered a trusted environment,
so there are no checks beside the kind of validation done by HTTP server and
`serde-json` (the crate used to de/serialize JSON). There is no maximum limit for
 the stored metadata size, but one might consider that storing and retrieving large

>  ammount of data may induce bottlenecks for the HTTP REST API processing, based on
>  `micro-http` crate. MMDS contents can be retrieved using the Firecracker API, via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 amount of data may induce bottlenecks for the HTTP REST API processing, which is based on
 `micro-http` crate. MMDS contents can be retrieved using the Firecracker API, via
```
